NAS-100516: Add Netdata configuration options to Services chapter. (#1410)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/services.rst

Netdata is a real-time performance and monitoring system. It displays
data as web dashboards.

Clicking |ui-configure| allows adjusting the Netdata configuration.

.. tabularcolumns:: |>{\RaggedRight}p{\dimexpr 0.15\linewidth-2\tabcolsep}
                    |>{\RaggedRight}p{\dimexpr 0.15\linewidth-2\tabcolsep}
                    |>{\RaggedRight}p{\dimexpr 0.14\linewidth-2\tabcolsep}
                    |>{\RaggedRight}p{\dimexpr 0.55\linewidth-2\tabcolsep}|

.. _netdata_config_opts_tab:

.. table:: Netdata Configuration Options
   :class: longtable

   +--------------------------+----------------+----------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | Setting                  | Value          | Advanced | Description                                                                   |
   |                          |                | Mode     |                                                                               |
   +==========================+================+==========+===============================================================================+

>    | History                  | integer        |          | Number of entries the detata daemon keeps in memory for each chart dimension. |

Reviewer: Typo.

>    | History                  | integer        |          | Number of entries the netata daemon keeps in memory for each chart dimension. |

Reviewer: Typo and capitalization.

   |                          |                |          |    history=86400                                                              |
   |                          |                |          |    enabled=yes                                                                |
   |                          |                |          |                                                                               |
   +--------------------------+----------------+----------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | Alarms                   | drop-down menu | ✓        | Click on alarms to select or unselect.                                        |
   +--------------------------+----------------+----------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | Stream Mode              | drop-down menu | ✓        | Select a stream mode if the system is to be used for streaming.               |
   +--------------------------+----------------+----------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

>    | Destination              | string         | ✓        | Only appears when *Slave* is the :guilabel:`Stream Mode`. Please provide a    |

Reviewer: This "please" is weird.
```suggestion
   | Destination              | string         | ✓        | Only appears when *Slave* is the :guilabel:`Stream Mode`. Enter a             |
```

   |                          |                |          | line- or space-separated list of destinations where the collected metrics are |

>    |                          |                |          | to be sent. Use the format HOST:PORT (port is optional. Netdata uses the      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   |                          |                |          | to be sent. Use the format :samp:`{host}:{port}` (port is optional). Netdata uses the  |
```

   |                          |                |          | first working destination.                                                    |
   +--------------------------+----------------+----------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

>    | API Key                  | string         | ✓        | Only appears when *Slave* or *Master* is the :guilabel:`Stream Mode`. The     |

Reviewer: Put description first: "API_KEY to use as the sender..."  Move the current first sentence to the end, say "This field only appears..."

   |                          |                |          | API_KEY to use as the sender. This must be a valid UUID. It can be generated  |
   |                          |                |          | from the command line by typing :literal:`uuidgen`.                           |
   +--------------------------+----------------+----------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

>    | Allow from               | string         | ✓        | Only appears when *Master* is the :guilabel:`Stream Mode`. A list of simple   |

Reviewer: As above, description first.

>    |                          |                |          | pushing metrics using this API key. Only appears when *Master* is the         |

Reviewer: Flip around:
``` Only appears when the :guilabel:`Stream Mode` is *Master*. ```
